Add section comparing errtrace to stack traces (#63)
bracesdev/errtrace: README.md

</thead>
<tbody>

<tr><td>

```
Error: connect rate limited

braces.dev/errtrace_test.rateLimitDialer
	/path/to/errtrace/example_http_test.go:72
braces.dev/errtrace_test.(*PackageStore).updateIndex
	/path/to/errtrace/example_http_test.go:59
braces.dev/errtrace_test.(*PackageStore).Get
	/path/to/errtrace/example_http_test.go:49
```

</td><td>

```
Error: connect rate limited
braces.dev/errtrace_test.rateLimitDialer
	/errtrace/example_stack_test.go:81
net/http.(*Transport).dial
	/goroot/src/net/http/transport.go:1190
net/http.(*Transport).dialConn
	/goroot/src/net/http/transport.go:1625
net/http.(*Transport).dialConnFor
	/goroot/src/net/http/transport.go:1467
runtime.goexit
	/goroot/src/runtime/asm_arm64.s:1197
```

</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>errtrace reports the method that triggered the HTTP request</td>
<td>stack trace shows details of how the HTTP client creates a connection</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</details>

errtrace also reduces the performance impact
of capturing caller information for errors
that are handled rather than returned to the user,
as the information is captured incrementally.
Stack traces pay a fixed cost to capture caller information

> even if the error is handled immediately by the caller
> of where the error is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
even if the error is handled immediately by the caller
close to where the error is created.
```

[...]
```

Here's a real-world example of errtrace in action:

<details>

> <summary>Example 1</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Example</summary>
```
